---
topic: "ufo_disclosure_keyword"
executed_at: "2026-05-03T05:09:30.704594+08:00"
status: "success"
---

[
  {
    "author": "Joe Murgia",
    "username": "TheUfoJoe",
    "time": "2026-05-02T19:43:29Z",
    "content": "🔥🛸👽 Grusch: Senior Congressional Staffers Had Their World-Bubble Burst After Being Briefed on the Biological Analysis and Physiology of Alien Bodies 👽🛸🔥\n\n(This is one of the most important claims in the history of the topic because, if true, it overcomes the, \"It-may-be-our-tech\" argument.)\n\nRogan: \"So, when it comes to these...I'm gonna bring it back to these, these actual entities.\" \n\nGrusch: \"Yeah.\" \n\nRogan: \"Do we know, or [do we] have an understanding of how many of them we're talking about, and the variety of them?\" \n\nGrusch: \"Yeah, there is a variety, and we have a certain number of (laughs) different things, umm. But the like, total numbers of like, what's interacting with us on Earth? I mean, nobody knows that. And, I mean, that...\"\n\nRogan: \"But there's an understanding of some that they do believe are interacting with us, and there's a variety in terms of...there's variables?\" \n\nGrusch: \"Yeah, I talked to people who are familiar with the biological analysis and everything. So we have some idea, not a complete picture, because it's like, you know, you know, you're looking at, it's like, well, I don't even understand the physiology at all. It's like, what the heck? It's like, way different, right? So, umm...we have at least a...\"\n\nRogan: \"Is there a description of this physiology? \n\nGrusch: \"Yeah, no, I was in...I was in the room when, uhhh (exhales)...hmm. I gotta be careful, I don't wanna... I was in Washington, DC with a very number of senior people that work for members of Congress - put it that way - umm, when I was still in government. And I brought the people who worked on that stuff to The Hill. I mean, this is why the members were so confident to put out the Schumer amendment (UAPDA) and stuff. And I was like, 'Please explain.' \n\n\"And, um, they went into all those details and stuff. And I remember, you know (laughs), some of the professional staff members were like, 'Whoa.' Like, they were like, in G-LOC, right? Because, I mean it's like a total world-bubble, umm...got burst right there for a lot of people. \n\n\"And, so we have some idea, it's not a complete picture. I mean, it's just like...but you're not even bringing in the right people. Like, I think about my friend and colleague, Dr. @GarryPNolan, which I started the SOL Foundation non-profit with. I mean, he's like, Nobel-level, biologist, virologist. Like, he's the guy that you would want on it, but he's not on it. So, I think we can make a lot of progress in our understanding once again, if this is more broadly studied in an open environment.\"\n\n~\n\nNote: G-LOC = Gravity-Induced Loss of Consciousness. In Laymen's terms, losing consciousness when a plane pulls more Gs than your body can handle.\n\nSource: https://www.skycombatace dot com/blog/what-is-g-loc\n\n---\n\nI know nothing!\n\nhttps://t.co/r5CaCLSVRB",
    "url": "https://x.com/TheUfoJoe/status/2050662480012296693",
    "engagement": {
      "likes": 144,
      "retweets": 28,
      "replies": 10
    },
    "media_urls": [
      "https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/2050636008421838848/vid/avc1/476x270/MTxC-TJ2rcyQZggd.mp4?tag=27"
    ],
    "relevance_note": "Discusses whistleblower David Grusch's claims about congressional staffers being briefed on biological analysis and physiology of alien bodies, directly linking to government briefings and UAP disclosure efforts."
  },
  {
    "author": "Jeremy Kenyon Lockyer Corbell",
    "username": "JeremyCorbell",
    "time": "2026-05-02T17:45:53Z",
    "content": "At the Space Symposium I had the honor of interviewing @RepEricBurlison about his presidentially mandated endeavor to visit sites holding UAP for exploitation and reverse engineering.\n\nRep Burlison has made visits, and is aiming to get access to the goodies for UAP transparency.",
    "url": "https://x.com/JeremyCorbell/status/2050632887624745228",
    "engagement": {
      "likes": 227,
      "retweets": 40,
      "replies": 10
    },
    "media_urls": [
      "https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/2050632829684641793/vid/avc1/320x568/FYvFuQvTYwBbDjZ2.mp4?tag=27"
    ],
    "relevance_note": "Features an interview with Rep. Eric Burlison on visiting UAP exploitation and reverse engineering sites, highlighting congressional efforts for UAP transparency and access to classified materials."
  },
  {
    "author": "Astral🛸",
    "username": "The_Astral_",
    "time": "2026-05-02T15:29:15Z",
    "content": "“Mr. President, you are the president of disclosure.”\n\nRep. Tim Burchett says Trump is the only one who can bring UFO disclosure unless a scientist publicly presents an alien body or craft.",
    "url": "https://x.com/The_Astral_/status/2050598499616440617",
    "engagement": {
      "likes": 167,
      "retweets": 18,
      "replies": 18
    },
    "media_urls": [
      "https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/2050598435644919808/vid/avc1/480x270/pR-5Fp_Vy4jkMgVE.mp4?tag=27"
    ],
    "relevance_note": "Quotes Rep. Tim Burchett on the need for presidential action in UFO disclosure, emphasizing potential presentation of alien bodies or craft as key to progress."
  },
  {
    "author": "OVERCLASSIFIED",
    "username": "overclassifiedx",
    "time": "2026-05-02T14:50:44Z",
    "content": "🚨 CONGRESSMAN DROPS ALIEN BODY BOMBSHELL: SWORN TESTIMONY CONFIRMS RECOVERED EXTRATERRESTRIAL REMAINS! 👽🛸💥 \"IT'LL DISRUPT EVERYTHING!\"\n\nIn a jaw dropping interview on Doing Time with George Santos, Rep. Tim Burchett, the fearless UAP Caucus leader who's survived multiple classified briefings from every alphabet agency, went nuclear:\n\n“We have sworn testimony that there are recovered alien bodies.” “We’ve been briefed on locations.”\n\nHe described a fellow Congressman and close friend pulling him aside: “Tim, why do you wanna do this? Don’t you know this is gonna disrupt everything?”\n\nThis isn't fringe theory, it's building directly on Burchett's April 2026 briefings where he saw \"incredible photos\" and intel so explosive it would \"come unglued\" the country (as he told NewsNation and others). It echoes David Grusch's 2023 sworn congressional testimony on non human biologics from crash retrieval programs, now elevated with on the record locations and insider warnings about total societal upheaval.\n\nWith Trump previously teasing UAP file releases in early 2026, is full disclosure finally here? Or are the gatekeepers still fighting to protect religions, economies, and power structures from the ultimate paradigm shift?\n\nBurchett isn't suicidal, he's saying the quiet part out loud.\n\nWhat happens next?",
    "url": "https://x.com/overclassifiedx/status/2050588809214246986",
    "engagement": {
      "likes": 354,
      "retweets": 85,
      "replies": 45
    },
    "media_urls": [
      "https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HHUnpWCacAAFSO3.jpg",
      "https://pbs.twimg.com/media/HHUnpvKasAAnYU6.jpg"
    ],
    "relevance_note": "Reports Rep. Tim Burchett's statements on sworn testimony of recovered alien bodies and congressional briefings on locations, tying into ongoing UAP disclosure and crash retrieval programs."
  },
  {
    "author": "Interstellar",
    "username": "InterstellarUAP",
    "time": "2026-05-02T14:19:39Z",
    "content": "Rep. Tim Burchett: “We have sworn testimony that there are recovered alien bodies.”\n\nHe confirms Congress has been briefed on the locations.\n\nA fellow lawmaker told him point blank: “Tim, why do you wanna do this? Don’t you know this is gonna disrupt everything?”\n\nWhat does “Disrupt everything” mean to you? Religion, science, power? \n\nAre we finally ready for disclosure?",
    "url": "https://x.com/InterstellarUAP/status/2050580983984882097",
    "engagement": {
      "likes": 226,
      "retweets": 57,
      "replies": 20
    },
    "media_urls": [
      "https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/2050580782196920320/vid/avc1/480x270/3Od0kVDmxjUlSuc2.mp4?tag=27"
    ],
    "relevance_note": "Highlights Rep. Tim Burchett's confirmation of sworn testimony on recovered alien bodies and locations briefed to Congress, central to UFO disclosure discussions."
  },
  {
    "author": "UAP James",
    "username": "UAPJames",
    "time": "2026-05-02T13:14:24Z",
    "content": "Rep. Burchett: “We have sworn testimony that there are recovered alien bodies”\n\n“We’ve been briefed on locations.”\n\n“A member of Congress, a close friend of mine… This guy said to me: ‘Tim, why do you wanna do this? Don’t you know this is gonna disrupt everything?’”",
    "url": "https://x.com/UAPJames/status/2050564565029605626",
    "engagement": {
      "likes": 2381,
      "retweets": 467,
      "replies": 126
    },
    "media_urls": [
      "https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/2050564439582093312/vid/avc1/484x270/Uf3zGvZsP_liPTko.mp4?tag=27"
    ],
    "relevance_note": "Direct quote from Rep. Tim Burchett on sworn testimony of recovered alien bodies, congressional briefings, and potential societal disruption from disclosure."
  }
]

Only 6 highly relevant posts were found that prioritize government hearings, official reports, military testimony, or legislative progress on UFO/UAP disclosure (focusing on recent congressional statements by Reps. Burchett and Burlison, and Grusch references). The other 4 posts discussed older incidents (e.g., Roswell, Travis Walton) or entertainment content (e.g., Spielberg film), which were excluded per content filtering criteria. No Chinese-language posts matched.