---
topic: "ufo_disclosure_semantic"
executed_at: "2026-03-22T05:09:31.474920+08:00"
status: "success"
---

[
  {
    "author": "Joe Murgia",
    "username": "TheUfoJoe",
    "time": "2026-03-21T09:00:04Z",
    "content": "\"Multiple members of Congress received a briefing from an agency task force (it's the FBI). All of that info. will be declassified, and the stuff that we saw [that] we can't explain.\" ~Luna\n\n(I think Luna did an excellent job on tonight's Real Time - Overtime with Bill Maher. Transcript and my thoughts below.)\n\n~\n\n@billmaher: \"The first question is for you. Do you think we are headed, Congresswoman, for a full disclosure and transparency about UAPs, which we used to call UFOs? I do. I mean, I think it was just this week, didn't they start a website for releasing this information?\"\n\n@RepLuna: \"From my understanding, they're gonna put it on the National Archives (website), but if they've booked the website... So I actually head up the Disclosure Task Force in Congress on Declassification of Federal Secrets. And what I will tell you is, there's something...\"\n\nMaher: \"So that's why you know so much stuff (audience laughs)? I see.\"\n\nLuna: \"(laughs) I'm a nerd. In all seriousness, there's some things that we can't explain, and there is a problem with over-classification. But also, when you have duly-elected members of Congress being denied access, that's a problem, because we're supposed to be the, you know, check and balance on some of these agencies. And so, you'll see some interesting stuff. The federal government will ever come out and tell you what to believe.\" \n\nMaher: \"I think they're here.\" \n\nLuna: \"Well, there's definitely stuff that we can't explain.\"\n\nMaher: \"I'm not shy about it.\"\n\nPaul Begala: \"I'm still searching for intelligent life on Earth, so I'll be very (audience and Luna laugh)... I'm not into that.\"\n\n(Begala saying he's, \"not into that\" most likely means he's ignorant on the subject. IMO, anybody who takes the time to look at the decades of evidence, with an open mind, will be \"into\" the possibility that another intelligence is sharing this planet with us.)\n\nLuna: \"I think we're in a big Universe.\"\n\nMaher: \"Well, you may not be into that, but they're into you, okay?\" \n\nBegala: \"Ohhh.\"\n\nMaher: \"I mean, whether you want [to] believe it or not, things...\" \n\nBegala: \"Why do they always put the probes there? If they're that sophisticated, can't they just like, scan us or something?\"\n\n(Maybe they're trying to extract semen from a prostate orgasm to help with their hybrid/breeding program? Not a new theory.)\n\nMaher: \"But, you know, but see, there's...okay. But if you want to be serious about it, there was an era where we heard a lot about probing. That ended.\"\n\n(Has it ended? I'd love to hear from experiencers and people like hypnotherapist/researcher, Yvonne Smith, who works with experiencers, to hear what people are saying about their experiences nowadays.)\n\nMaher: \"Because, I mean, we never heard about any of it before we got nuclear weapons. Right after the nuclear bomb went off in 1945, suddenly, the aliens were like, maybe we ought to pay attention to these people.\"\n\n(Not exactly true.)\n\nLuna: \"Well, there were reports of sightings and whatnot dating back into even, you know, for many, many, many, many centuries.\" \n\nMaher: \"If you're talking about some of the stuff like what we see in the hieroglyphics and drawings, it could be, yes, it could be like they built the pyramids. That's true.\"\n\n(Absolutely no need to jump to the hypothesis that whatever is here (aliens?) built the pyramids. We just know that sightings and abduction cases go back to  before the atomic age.)\n\nLuna: \"Well, I think that there's a lot of theories, but based on what we're seeing, evidence-wise, there is one specific agency where multiple members of Congress, to include myself, received a briefing from. All of that information will be declassified, and the stuff that we saw in that briefing we can't explain.\"\n\n(Luna has spoken to @MattLaslo and others about being briefed by the FBI about UAP but the FBI effort was first reported in February 2025 by Politico:\n\n\"FBI agents who are part of a secretive group investigating the surge of 'unidentified anomalous phenomena,' what the government uses to refer to UFOs... \n\n\"The existence of the FBI’s informal working group on the issue has not been disclosed publicly before.\"\n\nLink to article in replies...\n\n~~~\n\nMaher: \"But, I mean, if I can get back to the anal probing, um....\"\n\n(Everybody laughs/smiles.)\n\nLuna: \"Odd topic.\"\n\nMaher: \"It seems like there was a time where they needed to do that to find out about if they...I mean, like so many people have this, almost the exact same recollection. Maybe it's some psychological phenomenon that we don't realize, but people, independently, seem to have this kind of vague memory, and (laughs) they lost a little track of time. Maybe it was the GHB (date-rape drug. ~Joe), I don't know (audience laughs). But, it seemed like the aliens were trying to find out: What makes these people tick? Who are these humans? And then, I think, they got that information. \n\n\"And in the last ten, twenty, years, it's not been that. What it's been has been very, very serious people. I'm talking about military people, who are constantly saying, 'We see things we cannot explain. Either China has a weapon we don't know about, which is unlikely, or it's just something you're gonna have to tell me what it is.'\"\n\n(Very serious (including military) people have been reporting these things for decades. It's just getting a lot more coverage in the media now, and more people who have access to classified data are speaking up.)\n\nLuna: \"What we've seen in the briefings... And I actually asked this question to Secretary Clinton, as she was actually going to, had she won her election, be in charge of disclosure and actually releasing some of this information. And she thinks that the American people - I think this is one of the most bipartisan things in Congress, currently, and bicameral in the Senate as well - but we should be able to release the information that we have, specifically pertaining to this and let the American people decide what it is. \n\n\"Look, some of it is balloons, some of it is drones, and then there's a portion of it that we can't explain where you have credible people from all walks of life confirming it. And I will tell you, based on the evidence that we have seen, there's something there.\"\n\nMaher: \"And credible people, not just in the military, but in government, including Democrats.\"\n\nBegala: \"I was struck by what President Obama said, and I agree with it. The vastness of the Universe is such that the arithmetic makes it pretty likely.\"\n\nMaher: \"Right!\"\n\nBegala: \"And, the vastness of the Universe is such, it's pretty unlikely that we're gonna cross paths. And I think that's also true.\"\n\n(Well, as I've said (and others have, too), we don't know if \"they\" (